Medica 2010
this presents his parents about the clinic staff flexible and in
Real-time access to hospital information systems receives
especially because we all appeal
which I can quickly see their information, for example, diagnoses
Laboratory findings that allow patients to view orders
A rental car can be operated easily and intuitively
In addition, the doctor receives much too happy to the desired data
if he starts the user the ERC has first a survey over
Department of outpatient clinics that means he goes beyond the so-called
Organizational units in the application and Francis Crippen heats
with is the user login
to his stations for example from Axway
active in data communication so that only the data is ensured
can see who are entitled to
the first point is to and security only on registered users and
Registered rescues are allowed at 21 degrees the second point
is encryption
the suffering of traffic but also Aladag
who often did not express themselves by doing so
reasonable
Here was developed a winning together with the Knappschaftskrankenhaus
Bochum that she presented the force of the Medica 7000 points for the
Hospital, it is a useful supplement
the background of the act are enthusiastic about the peaceful but
you can tell that
because she actually
mobile requirement we brought with us to the talk has not one
Overloaded is the serious car accident
Eating a rental car is a logical progression for her
app development is a strategic fusion of the two for us
Areas of Telecommunications and Healthcare
Here comes both components for the first time both
Areas are very strong our company
Here he was for the sake of ours
push this further
while the application is mineralized only the first step in the future will be too
to be able to inform patient safety with goods
Fidelity together with in hospital pull the patient as common
founder time
Our solutions should also be there for the patients at the end of the day
Patient should be able to inform about his stay
Patient should have the possibilities
Percent on time bank for him planned the intervention that the
Patient should also be informed at home Hundt also technically goes the
Development continues so will soon follow an app for the iPad
if not need
in this sense